
1)Write a C code to check whether the entered year is Leap year or not.
2)A certain grade of steel is graded according to the following conditions:
(i)	Hardness must be greater than 60 
(ii)	Carbon content must be less than 0.9 
(iii)	Tensile strength must be greater than 6000 
The grades are as follows: 
(i)Grade is 10 if all three conditions are met 
(ii)Grade is 9 if conditions (i) and (ii) are met 
(iii)Grade is 8 if conditions (ii) and (iii) are met 
Given the values of hardness, carbon content and tensile strength of the steel, write a C code to output the grade of the steel. 
3) Using Switch statement, write a C program that displays the following menu for the food items available to take order from the customer:
• B= Burger
• F= French Fries
• P= Pizza
• S= Sandwiches
The program inputs the type of food and quantity. It finally displays the total charges for the order according to following criteria:
• Burger = Rs. 200
• French Fries= Rs. 50
• Pizza= Rs. 500
• Sandwiches= Rs. 150
4) Write a C code to print the Fibonacci series of ‘n’ numbers.
5) Write a C code to generate the Armstrong numbers between 1 and 500. 
6) Mercy electronics shop has given festival offer that is 12% off, on every purchase.  Following are the prices of the electronic items.  4GB Transcend pen drive is Rs.500/-, Sony Head set is Rs 1000/-, Samsung tablet is Rs 3500/- and Seagate Hardisk 1TB is Rs 4000/-. Calculate the total bill amount to pay by doing a purchase in Mercy electronics shop. In this case, price of pendrive after discount is Rs. 440 (that is Rs.500-Rs.60).
7) Write a C code 
a) To find the length of the string.
b) To check the Occurrences of a Character.
c) To check if string is Palindrome.
d) To count number of white spaces.
8) Write a C code for Matrix addition for 2X2 matrix. Get input for matrix A and B, 
a) Print the addition result as matrix C.
b) Print the Transpose of the resultant matrix.
c) Print the determinant of the resultant matrix.
9) Write a 'C' Program to calculate sum of major and minor diagonal elements of m X n matrix using dynamic memory allocation and print “Same” if both the sums are equal and “Not Same” if both the sums are not equal.
10) Write a program in C to compute the sum of all elements in an array using pointers.
11)Write a 'C' program to accept book details for 'n' books as book_title, author, publisher and cost. Assign the accession number to each book in increasing order. Display these details as,

1. Books of a specific author
2. Books by a specific Publisher
3. All Books costing Rs. 500 and above.
4. All Books.
12)Write a menu driven program in C to create a structure employee having fields empid, empname, salary. Accept the details of 'n' Employees from user and perform the following operations using function.

- Search by Emp-Id
- Display All
- Display Names of Employee having Salary > 10000.




